sk101/English/Language Skill
sk102/Malay/Language Skill
sk103/Mandarin/Language Skill
sk104/Cantonese/Language Skill
sk105/Tamil/Language Skill
sk106/Japanese/Language Skill
sk107/Korean/Language Skill
sk108/Mircrosoft Word/Computer Skill
sk109/Mircrosoft Excel/Computer Skill
sk110/Microsoft PowerPoint/Computer Skill
sk111/Nero Video/Computer Skill
sk112/Animaker/Computer Skill
sk113/Adobe Photoshop/Computer Skill
sk114/Canva/Computer Skill
sk115/Adobe InDesign/Computer Skill
sk116/CorelDRAW/Computer Skill
sk117/Java Language/Computer Skill
sk118/C++ Language/Computer Skill
sk119/C# Language/Computer Skill
sk120/JS Language/Computer Skill
sk121/Php Language/Computer Skill
sk122/SQL/Computer Skill
sk123/Analytical-thinking/Personality
sk124/Problem-solving/Personality
sk125/Teamwork/Personality
sk126/Learnability/Personality
sk127/Adaptibility/Personality
sk128/Time Management/Personality